updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16097)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/using-activity-delegates.md

[!code-csharp[CFX_ActivityExample#7](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CFX/CFX_ActivityExample/cs/Program.cs#7)]

> For more information about object initializers, see [How to: Initialize Objects without Calling a Constructor (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-initialize-objects-by-using-an-object-initializer) and [How to: Declare an Object by Using an Object Initializer](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-declare-an-object-by-using-an-object-initializer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about object initializers, see [How to: Initialize Objects without Calling a Constructor (C# Programming Guide)](../../csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-initialize-objects-by-using-an-object-initializer.md) and [How to: Declare an Object by Using an Object Initializer (Visual Basic)](../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-declare-an-object-by-using-an-object-initializer.md).
```
